Venice
======

Rules
-----

A game takes place over 7 days, Sunday to Saturday.  Each day, an
auction is held where agendas and assets are offered.

Each player starts with a certain amount of money and their goal is to
maximize it by the end of the game.  Players spend money during the
auctions on agendas and assets.  Players increase their money by
having agendas and also the resources (provided by assets) to realize
their agendas at the end of end of the game.  In other words, a player
starts with some money, spends it during the game, and at the end of
the game hopefully gains a larger amount of money than they spent.
The player with the most money at the end wins.

### Auctions

There are 7 auctions during each game:

- the opening auction,
- 5 common auctions,
- the closing auction.

Each auction happens at 17.15 each day.  Players enter their bids
before that time.  Bids are secret before the auction.  The results of
each auction are public.

The items offered in each auction are announced at the start of the
game.

#### The Opening and Closing Auctions

Agendas are offered during the opening and closing auctions.

Each agenda is different.  Agendas have a certain value if realized,
and a certain cost in resources to realize.

Agendas are realized automatically after the closing auction in the
optimal combination, if the player has sufficient resources.

Example:

- agenda “silk tax” provides 20$ if realized, and costs 0 force, 10
  popularity, and 20 influence to realize,
- agenda “exile competitor” provides 50$ if realized, and costs 20
  force, 5 popularity, and 10 influence to realize.

#### The Common Auctions

Assets are offered during the common auction.

Each asset provides a certain amount of each resource to its owner.

There are three resources: force, popularity, and influence.  Each
asset provides a combination of them to its owner.

Example:

- asset “opera” provides 0 force, 20 popularity, 0 influence to its
  owner,
- asset “senator” provides 0 force, 5 popularity, 5 influence to its
  owner,
- asset “swiss mercenaries” provides 10 force, 0 popularity, 0
  influence to its owner.

#### The Auction Process

The items and number of each item offered at each auction is announced
at the start of the game.  For example, the lineup for an auction may
be: 2 x A, 1 x B, 5 x C.

The auction happens at 17.15.

Players may place bids at any time before the auction.  Players may
bid for each item in the auction, up to the number offered for each
item.

Bids are secret before the auction.  After the auction ends, the
winning bids are made public.  After the last common auction (so,
before the closing auction), all bids in all auctions are made public.

Auctions happen automatically without any input from the players.  The
items offered are considered in the announced ordered.  For each item,
the highest bid wins it.  The player immediately pays the money and
gains the item.

A bid is of the form “bid X$ for N of A”.  X is the amount of money
bid for each item.  N is the maximum number of items the player
desires.  A is the name of the item.  Players only pay for the items
they win.  For example, if a player bids for 4 of C, but only wins 2
of C, he only pays for the 2 of C he won.

Bids for which the player does not have enough money are automatically
nullified.

### Money

A player starts with 0$.  Before the opening auction, he may borrow
money from the treasury up to a certain fixed amount.  After the
closing auction, he must return the money borrowed and also interest
amounting to 5%/day.

### Winning

Only money matters in the end.

After the closing auction, assets are realized automatically, and the
money they provide is added the the player’s stash.  The player then
repays the treasury the amount originally borrowed and any interest
applicable.  The amount of money left is what is used to rank the
players.

### Chat

There is a chat window permanently open at the bottom of every game
screen.  Players are allowed to say anything they want at any time.

### Scaling

Any number of player may take part in a game.  The number of each
agenda and asset offered during the auctions is increased if there are
more players.  Players are allowed to hold multiple copies of each
asset or agenda.
